Who This Book Is For

If you are a complete beginner to deep learning and machine
learning, you are most welcome here. Our only expectation is that
you already know how to code, preferably in Python.

NO EXPERIENCE? NO PROBLEM!
If you don’t have any experience coding, that’s OK too! The first three chapters
have been explicitly written in a way that will allow executives, product
managers, etc. to understand the most important things they’ll need to know
about deep learning. When you see bits of code in the text, try to look them over
to get an intuitive sense of what they’re doing. We’ll explain them line by line.
The details of the syntax are not nearly as important as a high-level
understanding of what’s going on.
If you are already a confident deep learning practitioner, you will also
find a lot here. In this book, we will be showing you how to achieve
world-class results, including techniques from the latest research. As
we will show, this doesn’t require advanced mathematical training or
years of study. It just requires a bit of common sense and tenacity.

What You Need to Know
As we said before, the only prerequisite is that you know how to code
(a year of experience is enough), preferably in Python, and that you
have at least followed a high school math course. It doesn’t matter if
you remember little of it right now; we will brush up on it as needed.
Khan Academy has great free resources online that can help.

What You Will Learn
After reading this book, you will know the following:
How to train models that achieve state-of-the-art results in
Computer vision, including image classification
(e.g., classifying pet photos by breed) and image
localization and detection (e.g., finding the animals
in an image)
Natural language processing (NLP), including
document classification (e.g., movie review
sentiment analysis) and language modeling
Tabular data (e.g., sales prediction) with categorical
data, continuous data, and mixed data, including
time series
Collaborative filtering (e.g., movie
recommendation)
How to turn your models into web applications
Why and how deep learning models work, and how to use
that knowledge to improve the accuracy, speed, and
reliability of your models
The latest deep learning techniques that really matter in
practice
How to read a deep learning research paper
How to implement deep learning algorithms from scratch
How to think about the ethical implications of your work, to
help ensure that you’re making the world a better place and
that your work isn’t misused for harm
See the table of contents for a complete list, but to give you a taste,
here are some of the techniques covered (don’t worry if none of these
words mean anything to you yet—you’ll learn them all soon):
Affine functions and nonlinearities
Parameters and activations
Random initialization and transfer learning
SGD, Momentum, Adam, and other optimizers
Convolutions
Batch normalization
Dropout
Data augmentation
Weight decay
ResNet and DenseNet architectures
Image classification and regression
Embeddings
Recurrent neural networks (RNNs)
Segmentation
U-Net
And much more!
